c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\TornRepair.exe.config
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_calib3d249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_contrib249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_core249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_features2d249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg249_64.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_flann249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_gpu249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_highgui249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_imgproc249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_legacy249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_ml249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_nonfree249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_objdetect249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_photo249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_stitching249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_video249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\opencv_videostab249.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\TornRepair.exe
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\TornRepair.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2012.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.VideoStab.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.VideoStab.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.pdb
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Emgu.CV.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\obj\Debug\TornRepair.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\obj\Debug\TornRepair.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\obj\Debug\TornRepair.exe
c:\users\坦\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\obj\Debug\TornRepair.pdb
C:\Users\坦\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\obj\Debug\TornRepair.Form1.resources
C:\Users\坦\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TornRepair\TornRepair\obj\Debug\TornRepair.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
